[COPS-6869] adding bit about upgrading prometheus helm conflicts (#3487)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/dkp/konvoy/1.6/addons/helmv2-to-v3-migration/index.md

This command shuts down Tiller gracefully and removes all its resources.

## Upgrading Prometheus

> If you have the prometheus addon enabled and are upgrading it, you need to take additional steps to ensure it deploys successfully. You must delete the addon and then upgrade and deploy it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have the prometheus addon enabled, you must delete the addon before upgrading.
```

> If you have the prometheus and prometheusadapter addons enabled and are upgrading those, you will need to take additional steps to ensure they deploy successfully. You will need to delete the addons and then upgrade and deploy them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have the prometheus and prometheusadapter addons enabled and are upgrading those, you need to take additional steps to ensure they deploy successfully. You must delete the addons and then upgrade and deploy them.
```

> Before you begin the upgrade, you can run this command to get delete them:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you begin the upgrade, run the following command to get delete them:
```

```bash

> kubectl delete addon prometheus -n kubeaddons
> helm2 delete --purge prometheus-kubeaddons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
kubectl delete addon prometheus -n kubeaddons -w
```

```

If you've already run the upgrade and deploying the prometheus addon has failed, run these commands:

```bash

> kubectl delete addon prometheus -n kubeaddons
> helm2 delete --purge prometheus-kubeaddons
> konvoy deploy addons

Reviewer: ```suggestion
helm2 delete --purge prometheus-kubeaddons
```
This assumes a `helm2` cli tool being installed. Can we make this assumption?

Author: @joejulian 
I grabbed this from the conversation in Slack, so I haven't tested this scenario itself, but it seems like this worked for when Sergei ran it.

If this is the case, though, shoud it just be the same as your above suggestion
```
kubectl delete addon prometheus --namespace kubeaddons --wait
```
and then konvoy deploy addons?

Reviewer: No, this is different because if they've already upgraded, deleting the addon will not delete the hold helm data.

Perhaps we should state that this expects them to have a helm 2 binary named `helm2`?

Author: Yeah, I think that's fair.

But, what if a user doesn't have helm2 installed anymore? Would that muck up the works?

```

> These failures happen because there are limitations on the size of large configmaps in the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The migration of a helm release from helm v2 to helm v3 adds additional metadata to the release data structure. This additional data causes the Prometheus release data to exceed the maximum size of a ConfigMap or Secret. Newer versions of the Prometheus chart reduces the amount of data held in this release structure, but the conversion will fail preventing the newer Prometheus chart installation from being reached. Removing the oversized data from kubernetes allows the replacement to continue.
```

Reviewer: Aside: By putting sentences on their own lines, this allows simple git changes that have less overall impact, avoiding merge conflicts and making diffs clearer. Markdown will assemble these into proper paragraph format.

> The reason for these failures is because there are limitations on the size of large configmaps in the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These failures happen because there are limitations on the size of large configmaps in the migration of Helm v2 to Helm v3.
```

This command shuts down Tiller gracefully and removes all its resources.

## Upgrading Prometheus

If you have the prometheus addon enabled, you must delete the addon before upgrading.

Before you begin the upgrade, run the following command to delete the addon:

```bash
kubectl delete addon prometheus -n kubeaddons
helm2 delete --purge prometheus-kubeaddons
```

If you've already run the upgrade and deploying the prometheus addon has failed, run these commands:

```bash
kubectl delete addon prometheus -n kubeaddons
helm2 delete --purge prometheus-kubeaddons
konvoy deploy addons
```

> The migration of a helm release from helm v2 to helm v3 adds additional metadata to the release data structure.

Author: ```suggestion
The migration of a helm release from Helm v2 to Helm v3 adds additional metadata to the release data structure.
```
